Add documentation for `test-train split plots to the performance reports` (#527)
ccao-data/model-res-avm: docs/past-modeling-experiments.md

| There may be data published by specific municipalities in the County — like Oak Park, Evanston, and Chicago — that we could use as features for PINs in those municipalities, leaving null for others. | [#376](https://github.com/ccao-data/model-res-avm/issues/376) | List of possible features provided in the issue, but no further action taken. | 🟣 Model Features | 2025-05-22 |
| Test a variance-based tree weighting strategy from the ML [literature](https://arxiv.org/abs/1611.07115) in the comps algorithm. | [#390](https://github.com/ccao-data/model-res-avm/issues/390) | Tested but did not meet requirements for adoption as the main algorithm. Report available in the `ei-issue-0050` output directory. | 🔴 Comps | 2025-10-06 |

> | Investigate whether low sales volume distorts test set performance by using stratified sampling. Provide visualizations and metrics which can either compare different runs (E-I issue) or be used to analyze a single run (res-avm pull request) | [ei-issue-0438](https://github.com/ccao-data/enterprise-intelligence/pull/442), [#516](https://github.com/ccao-data/model-res-avm/pull/516) | Three runs compared: the 2025 production baseline (most recent 10% of sales as holdout), a variant adding a +5% stratified sample, and a variant using a full 10% stratified sample with no recency holdout. No inconsistent errors attributable to time-tracking issues were found. Visualizations were not added to production reports; analysis preserved in `O:\CCAODATA\enterprise-intelligence\ei-issue-0438`. | 🟢 Training Process | 2026-07-09 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Investigate whether low sales volume distorts test set performance by using stratified sampling. Provide visualizations and metrics which can either compare different runs (enterprise-intelligence issue) or be used to analyze a single run (model-res-avm pull request) | [enterprise-intellignce #422](https://github.com/ccao-data/enterprise-intelligence/pull/442), [#516](https://github.com/ccao-data/model-res-avm/pull/516) | Three runs compared: the 2025 production baseline (most recent 10% of sales as holdout), a variant adding an additional +5% stratified sample, and a variant using a full 10% stratified sample with no recency holdout. No inconsistent errors attributable to time-tracking issues were found. Visualizations were not added to production reports; analysis preserved in `O:\CCAODATA\enterprise-intelligence\ei-issue-0438`. | 🟢 Training Process | 2026-07-09 |
```
